# text-to-speech-using-python
This project consolidates the idea of Image Text to Speech Synthesizer (TTS) and Optical Character Recognition (OCR). This sort of framework assists visually impaired people by connecting with computers successfully through vocal interface. Text-to-Speech conversion is a strategy that scans and reads 38+ languages and numbers that are in the image utilizing OCR method and transforming it to voices. This project implements two modules, voice processing module and image processing module. Yet it have some restrictions when estimated by exactness review. Image Text is the content data installed or written in Image of various structure. Image text can be found in magazines, captured images, newspapers, banners and so on These image texts are exceptionally accessible these days and they are vital in addressing, describing and moving data which help people in communication, accessibility, making of new sorts of jobs, cost viability, efficiency, tackling issues, globalization and so on.
Speech is one of the most seasoned and most regular method for information exchange between human. Throughout the long term, Endeavours have been made to foster vocally intuitive PCs to acknowledge voice/speech synthesis. Clearly such a point of interaction would yield extraordinary advantages. For this situation a computer can incorporate text and give out a speech. Text-To-speech is an innovation that gives a method for changing composed text from a clear structure over to a communicated in language that is without any problem reasonable by the end client (Fundamentally in English Language).
